what's happening my film friends David
the film Chuck here bringing you a very
very late video wow it is almost one
o'clock over here in my time zone that
is Southern California yeah I wanted to
bring this video much much earlier but
you know what happens friday night
distractions not saying there are bad
distractions just saying you have some
distractions you try to set a schedule
for yourself for this stuff but sadly
sometimes it's hard to keep it that when
you just need to kind of just unplug and
just go out there right guys anyways i'm
rambling as usual but of course this
video is about a little movie a little
tiny movie that we're anticipating
called Batman vs Superman and hey check
it out guys there he is mr. Clark Kent
himself that is correct Henry Cavill ah
you know what the picture is not exactly
the clearest picture not gonna lie but
you could tell cuz uh you know what's
awesome you know what's
fantastic about I love how Zack Snyder
just eat he cast both of these
characters so perfectly because one
thing that a superhero needs is a very
distinctive chin and Henry
Cavill has a very distinctive chin as
well as mr. Affleck aha I mean I'm
telling you it's I can just look at
these two the two of their chins are
just fantastic and obviously you could
tell I mean some people might have
thought oh maybe this is the stand-in or
something like that now that's mr.
Cavill you could tell he's got that chin
and it's a Superman chin and we love
that chin and what's so great about this
what's really great about this image
right here and even the image of his
standing and everything like that is the
fact that Clark Kent is going to Gotham
City to visit the Gotham Jill why we
don't know the only thing that I just
that that just floats around of my brain
is we're gonna have Clark Kent talking
to possibly a Commissioner Gordon ah ah
guys that's just that's just so awesome
right there
him with these set photos I mean yeah a
lot of people might think oh man well
you know people leaking out these set
photos and everything like that is gonna
ruin the move it's gonna really movie no
it's not it's not gonna ruin the movie
we were getting so hyped up about it
yeah some people might argue saying that
okay well we're gonna get so hyped up
and then we see the movie are gonna be
disappointed I don't think we're gonna
be disappointed guys in the way this
movie is shaping up man it's just
looking so great we're gonna have Bruce
Wayne in Metropolis possibly seeing his
point of view of the Zod and Superman
fight that happened in Man of Steel and
then we're going to have Clark Kent in
Gotham City visiting the gotham city
jail or you know the police department
possibly talking to Commissioner Gordon
I mean if you're if you're a nerd like I
am and you follow follow these
characters all your life you know just
reading the comic books watching
the animated cart you know the cartoons
the movies and just even seeing the
live-action movies and going damn it why
can't we have a crossover we're finally
getting it here guys and that's what I
really love about what's going on here
so I'd like to of course I would love to
know what you guys think about this I
mean you heard my opinion I just I just
it with each set photo just I just get
more hyped up for this movie and I just
really can't wait man I mean it's so
great and i wish i wish i could have a
personal screening with all you guys all
you guys that watch my videos and
comment and discuss about it and
everything and you guys send me you know
these links to set photos and everything
i wish we could all just like get
together in one big theater and just
have a good time man it'd be
awesome but you know sadly well maybe
maybe that could happen in a year and a
half because that's we still got that
long to wait man it sucks but it's okay
let me know what you think about this
photo down below in the bow balls area
hobo oh I am marble mouth right now it's
late anyways guys I also hit that like
bumps up button if you'd be so kind
subscribe to my channel if you have not
already and please visit film junkie com
for your latest in film news trailers
and film reviews all right guys I will
talk to you later